ci: add more github templates (#1)
Mergifyio/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Description of the change

> Description here

## Related issues

> Fix #1

## Checklists

### Development

> - [ ] All checks must passed (Sementic Pull Request, pep8, requirements, unit tests, functionnal tests, security checks, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All checks must pass (Semantic Pull Request, pep8, requirements, unit tests, functional tests, security checks, …)
```

> - [ ] The code changed/added as part of this pull request has been covered with tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The code changed/added as part of this pull request must be covered with tests
```

> - [ ] hotfix must have link to sentry issue and ``hotfix`` label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Hotfixes must have a link to Sentry issue and the ``hotfix`` label
```

> - [ ] feature must have a link linear task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Features must have a link to a Linear task
```

> ### Code review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code Review
```

> Code review policies are handled and automated by Mergify
> 
> * When all tests passed, reviewers will be assigned automatically
> * When change is approved by at least one review and no pending review are
>   remaining, pull request is retested against it base branch
> * Then the pull request merged automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code review policies are handled and automated by Mergify.

* When all tests pass, reviewers will be assigned automatically.
* When change is approved by at least one review and no pending review are
  remaining, pull request is retested against its base branch.
* The pull request is then merged automatically.
```
